hey this is a JV um in this video I'm
going to be getting a think untouchable
perfection for the perfection on the
mythic map achievement I already have
the achievement so it's not going to pop
up but this is the way to do it if you
haven't gotten it already so basically
all I'm gonna do is I'm gonna sit up on
this sandbox base and just with the BR
and tonight people out with it so yeah
it's all you really have to do um power
drain spawns oh right under the main
platform next to the two ramps to go up
to the highest point of the tower keep
that power drain in case someone decides
to charge you so you have the upper hand
also if you're playing in a RS and not
be ours you'll always have the upper
hand because chances are the only time
people are going to go after you is when
they spawn near you and if they just
spawned they're not gonna have BR and if
you're going BR versus they are you're
probably going to win so it's almost a
foolproof strategy it's really really
easy um I'm not playing gods or three
guests i think but the rest of them are
Briggs our cat turtles because uh I'm
pretty high in Rumble bit which this is
the playlist i'm playing rumble bit and
so yeah they're not i'm not playing
really good people this isn't to show
any skills just to show the strategy and
my BR isn't the best this game like i
said i'm not posting this because i
think i'm amazing and i want to show off
so yeah it's all just sit up here with
the dr and kick people off while they're
fighting down below someone charges you
use the power drain and that's about it
so
yeah it's a strategy if you want to see
the rest just keep watching but I'm
gonna stop commentary now so thanks for
watching please comment rate and
subscribe
you
touchable game perfection